Fix square matrices (`heatmap` / `spy`) (#201)
JuliaPlots/UnicodePlots.jl: README.md

Either change the font to e.g. [JuliaMono](https://juliamono.netlify.app/) or use `border=:dotted` keyword argument in the plots.
For a `Jupyter` notebook with the `IJulia` kernel see [here](https://juliamono.netlify.app/faq/#can_i_use_this_font_in_a_jupyter_notebook_and_how_do_i_do_it).

> Terminals seem to respect a standard aspect ratio of `4:3`, hence a square matrix will often no look square in the terminal.
> As a fix, you can pass `correct_aspect_ratio=true` to `spy` or `heatmap` in order to recover a unit aspect ratio.

Reviewer: This seems to be an experimental flag so might be helpful to mark it as experimental.

```suggestion
(Experimental) Terminals seem to respect a standard aspect ratio of `4:3`, hence a square matrix does not often look square in the terminal.
As a fix, you can pass `correct_aspect_ratio=true` to `spy` or `heatmap` in order to recover a unit aspect ratio.
This keyword is experimental and might be unnecessary in future versions.
```

Author: I dislike the word `correct_aspect_ratio` it's too long. Maybe you have an idea for something shorter ? `fix_ar` ? `fix_43` ?
